[Music]
so you just got yourself a brand new
phone ooh nice but something's missing
oh I know let's jazz it up with some fun
accessories but the ones I have in mind
are a little extraordinary and take your
pick the phone brush for when you're
having a bad hair day there's a phone
case with a hairbrush on the other side
how to put the thing in your pocket
nobody knows hands-free headband this
headband will keep your phone by your
ear so your hands are totally free
it's like earphones but literal and a
little impractical the neck brace this
accessory attaches to your neck and
holds the phone out in front of your
eyes now you can watch movies and videos
without having to hold the phone in your
hands but how can you enjoy that movie
with all the distractions around you and
no worries I've got you covered
TV cap this cap turns your video
watching experience into a mini movie
theater for your face the material
hanging from the bill blocks out any
distractions don't do this while riding
a bike fine outfits you know phones
don't like the call so grab some tiny
clothes for your little digital buddy
they have phone Underpants hoodies
sweaters and even coats that zip up
appetizing accessories you put it on
your phone and voila fried eggs and
bacon just make sure no one tries to eat
your case the baby case sometimes you
just want to feel like a baby again yeah
you want to wake up every three hours
and cry so here's a case with a bottle
and pacifier please don't give it to a
real baby
spinner case this accessory would have
been relevant a few years ago when
fidget spinners were all the rage but
now it's just outdated and ridiculous
though might be a way to pass the time
if your phone battery runs out
glovephone you know that Universal hand
gesture that means I'll call you
you put your thumb to your ear in your
pinky to your mouth well they do make
gloves that can turn your imaginary
handphone into a real one these gloves
are equipped with Bluetooth a speaker
and a microphone and you can actually
make calls phone lips it's a case that's
a huge pair of lips covering your whole
phone you have to pull your device out
of the lips to use it weird robot
cleaner not for your floors for your
phone screen you put the tiny robot on
the surface and it'll get to cleaning
too bad your cat can't sit on this one
and go for a ride
water bottle phone water plus
electronics seems like a bad combo don't
you think this case that also serves as
a water bottle is designed so that your
phone never touches the water as you're
taking a drink but are you willing to
risk it earphone I scratch what I said
earlier this is literally an earphone a
case in the form of a huge ear probably
invented for those who like to amuse
passers-by oh I need this retro case
does anyone remember rotary dial phones
no well if you want to kick it really
old-school you can turn your modern
smartphone into its grandpappy pet
friendly case we all know how hard it is
to take a selfie with your canine
companion your dog gets easily
distracted and won't look into the
camera
well here's your solution a phone case
that holds a tennis ball you can also
get one that holds a cue ball there now
your pooch will pose with you any of
these weird accessories catching your
eye let me know in the comments which
ones you'd buy and some more for you to
choose from
katana case your phone is attached to a
large katana he'll turning your cell
into a selfie sword hey careful will you
swing that thing
duckface an ordinary phone case from the
front but duck eyes are painted on the
back and it's bill sticks out a little
uncomfortable to carry in your pocket
but I admit this case
cute thermometer on the go you measure
your temperature and connect this
thermometer to your phone temperature
data is displayed on the screen and
recorded in an electronic diary for fans
of fans a must-have on hot days just
plug this mini fan into your phone and
feel the comfort of a cool light breeze
wonder how fast it drains your battery
though headphone hat this warm beanie
has small speakers at the ear level you
connect a hat to your phone and you can
talk hands-free but what's stopping me
from putting in my earphones and still
wearing a beanie on top nothing
hence why it's ridiculous pillow speaker
do you love falling asleep with music in
your headphones ditch the uncomfortable
ear gear and just lie down on a soft
pillow that plays your favorite tune
there are built-in speakers inside the
pillow and it connects to the phone
through a cable camper friendly case it
turns your phone into a Swiss Army knife
a small nut cutter screwdriver can
opener the whole package enough said
calculator case why use the calculator
conveniently built into the phone when
you can buy a special case with one on
the back because convenience is
overrated art case turn your phone into
a real color palette just grab a brush
and the world becomes your canvas but
what if you accidentally get paint on
your phone it's for the sake of art
finger covers you put this rubber
fingertip on so you don't leave
fingerprints on the screen hey that's
actually pretty cool
ear rings if you want a phone near your
ears at all times this is the jewelry
for you just don't complain about any
ringing in your ears holster case if
there were cell phones in the Wild West
they'd be carried in this case you want
to take some pictures together then meet
me in the town square at high noon
nose-picker now with this case you'll
never drop your phone again the nose
sticks out from the back and your
fingers can easily keep their grip since
they go into the noses nostrils oh
that's just wrong
the thief's deflector this case has a
tiny bottle of pepper spray in it just
be careful when talking on the phone in
crowded places wouldn't want to
accidentally spray someone in the eye
[Music]
manicure set this case contains a mini
set of tools for nail care like files
tweezers scissors and even a toothpick
does it come with polish though then I
ain't by plush foam this case covered in
fluffy fur turns your phone into what
looks like a small pet Oh who's a good
boy but own phone this phone case is one
of the heaviest in the world and weighs
two and a half pounds and is supposed to
be used as a dumbbell for fitness if you
want to risk dropping your phone as you
work on your biceps selfie stick
version 2.0 a normal-looking selfie
stick only this one has a large
microphone attached to the handle ever
wanted to look like a TV reporter
wherever you go dreams really do come
true
toilet accessory upgrade your toilet
paper holder with this must AB it holds
your phone in place and it has speakers
so everybody can hear what you're doing
in there mini mobile garden these are
small trinkets with little plants going
inside attach it to your phone and well
you'll have tiny plants hanging from
yourself useful stuff
old-school typewriter got your rotary
phone case check now what about your
tablet you'll need to send it back in
time with this typewriter accessory
there now you're a bonafide 19th century
writer screen wipers get some raindrops
on your phone don't reach for a cloth
when you can use this tiny screen wiper
equalizer be the hit at your next party
as the music booms from your phone your
case will light up with the beats it
also has a fake speaker because why not
handheld anemometer if you think it's
for measuring anonymity
nice try it's actually for when you're
taking a stroll through the park and you
really must know how fast the wind is
blowing ah if I had a nickel for every
time that happened to me
virtual keyboard if you're tired of
tapping on the touchscreen or laptop
keys then you can type on your pillow
table windowsill your cat okay maybe not
that last one this device projects a
virtual keyboard on any surface mobile
printed it's a tiny printer that prints
pictures right off your phone
Andy cardboard cakes who needs all these
fancy ridiculous cases when you can just
keep it simple this case made entirely
of cardboard is all you need and you can
recycle it hey if you learned something
new today then give the video a like and
share it with a friend and here are some
other cool videos I think you'll enjoy
just click to the left or right and
remember stay on the bright side of life
[Music]